feat(levels): add information about Initiative dimension (#6)
mixmaxhq/engineering: Levels.md

This dimension focuses on how an engineer supports themselves, their teammates, all of engineering and the company as a whole. It focuses on the glue that engineers can use to help be a part of and build incredible relationships and teams. Relevant skills include living the company values, supporting other engineers, recruiting, evangelizing, and leading organizational initiatives.

### Initiative

> Initiative as a leveling dimension reflects your willingness to seek out and embrace opportunities for growth for both yourself and others. Individuals who identify problems or challenges and take the time to plan and execute a solution, getting the necessary buy-in from their teammates and manager, and are able to show improvement in themselves, their teammates, or the team, department, or company as a whole as a result, excel in the initiative dimension.

Author: ```suggestion
Initiative as a leveling dimension reflects your willingness to seek out and embrace opportunities for growth for both yourself and others. To excel in the initiative dimension, one should begin by identifying meaningful problems or challenges. Research, planning, getting the necessary buy-in from their teammates and manager, and execution are all critical to successful advancement in this dimension. Importantly, these steps should result in demonstrable improvement in themselves, their teammates, or the larger organization.
```
